# Greetings
Welcome to the graveyard, world-weary traveler. I'm not sure how you stumbled here, but you're welcome to stay for as long as you can stand. Poke around at the rotting piles of sinew and gore from projects thrice-gutted and eventually abandoned. You'd think that my repeated failures across these many projects would make me either bitter or wise. Both are wrong. Every developer has moments of impaired judgment, when in the deluge of sweet neurochemicals created by their most recent idea's honeymoon phase, they start a project. Sometimes this works, but more often it results in a mangled pile of code and ideas to be hauled off to the trash heap. Here's the worst of my carnage, gathered for future reference.
# Structure
Each top-level folder in this repo contains a dump of code, ideas, and diagrams related to the failed project. The ones I liked the most may also have their own separate README's, providing a postmortem and description of the project. Beyond adding these readme's, everything I upload is exactly as it was at the time I abandoned it, so certain parts can be a bit...rough.
# Code use
Feel free to take whatever code you want from this directory - no attribution needed. If you happen to be inspired by something, I'd love to hear about it. I've pruned out any non-open-source code, so it should be all my stuff here, though if you do find something that looks like it's from a different project and for some reason doesn't have a license file alongside it, please alert me. God help your soul if you actually decide that anything in here is worth your time, but it's not my job to question other people's decisions. Take whatever you like, leave whatever you don't. Oh, and be sure to wipe your shoes off when you leave the place. They tend to carry the smell of rotting corpses with them if you don't.

Okay, enjoy! 🐮
